well we are in random mods
let's see a mod that adds one now
we are in 1.7 point 10 by the way
adds a man who is also very
big but it 's pretty cool what
first let's look at the man as you
full rabbin look perfect there you are
seeing
I'm here giving my worst is that until the
name they say
but the point is that we are like
looking at my theory but in gravel
also and that it was also for the
ethical duty but good let's go to
do tests worth let's try
I 'm supposed to be now and he lets go
other smells but there's even
probability that you release us diamond
then to try look perfect diamond
I do not always loose because I was
doing tests
with the milk I had not had anything left
over here
I'm not sure but now we're going to
eliminate everything
but as you can see it costs us a lot of
things are quite waiting and as I say
not always because at least not to me before
more are all always but sometimes
also loose diamond
the results are worth 1 gold
3 carbon zinc or lapis lazuli 1
iron and 2 of rest we go to another more
yes seemed turned up we're going to
chop a few as you see not always
comes out diamond is his thing too because
if you can not imagine and iron and gold comes out
least look at lapis lazuli and 14 we have
in total coal 10 rector 11 but the
iron and gold 6 and 7 loose less also
is that if I let go of God
I would not molar
no no can not diamond we are not going to put them
here to watch that it does not come serious
do not lift for now has not come out
in gravel as it costs more let's
stop with a shovel as it is supposed to be
gravel
similar to three diamond diamonds
do not
hurt
it is assumed that with dating we can not
catch this this order
let's remove everything
yes but we have only taken three diamonds
we continue we have asked for a lot but as
you see 36 iron 41 gold that can
be very epic
over here that is that ramin is a
bit weird
but that also does not but diamonds only
13 voucher
it's a super wall and I've put
efficiency 10 at the peak
because what I want to buy is how much
diamond can let go
mania that rain of hours not
look
or the great society
because carlos the days so fast that
a lot of
worse you up your newspaper
and all that
but the only thing that does not enter now is
who enters is a 15th day just seriously
OK
go
31 of advances but look at everything else
what is this we are going to leave the 30 before
around here but god
do not get too close to anything
we eliminate everything
let's pick up again
31 orb diamonds that is his thing too
Do not jump too much diamonds but
I wanted to do to avoid
your watch to all this
we go
let's finish collecting it all and
can be
and coal
and here some little things
finished this is of almost two
inventories does not reach 31 diamonds alone
it's cool about all carbon lapis lazuli
and rest
but hey this is the curio acs del
random and worse is called in fact that is
like random gold not the third one was
you ask the description is for 1.7
punto díaz is installed with forge etc as
forever